hey guys I'm Agee bringing you for the
first time an unloaded Titan burn card
glitch haven't tried it with other cards
yet but I will show you how it works we
can make the magic happen for yourselves
and test other setups started with the
Atlas refurb card which allows you to
call in an Atlas Titan I then fill the
other two slots with cards I really
don't mind losing in this case Titan
salvage and outsource I haven't tried
this glitch off spawn if you do want it
where it's feel free to post in the
comments so here's how it goes as soon
as you die press Y to go into your burn
cards select your Titan card and then
immediately press Y to go back into your
burn cards hover over the next burn card
and select it at the exact moment you
spawn from the sky in your Titan it will
then place your selected burn card in
the active spot and it'll be used as
normal in my case it was the Titan
Salvage card so not only are you in your
Titan and you have switch cards you are
now using a second burn card here's
where the fun begins the next time you
die you realize your Titan card is still
there however your second burn card is
destroyed this allows you a max of two
burn card glitches of map but you have
your original time card to use forever
well as long as you can continue the
glitch hope you guys enjoyed this first
look at an unlimited Titan card glitch
here at heightened experience gaming
feel free to follow like and subscribe
for more great content and if you find
any cool ways to use this glitch let me
know
you